Our financials and I have a little bit tensions in my body because there's something strange about all the need for what we're doing and everybody, everyone's working in this sort of this part of the industry and still it's too slow on the market. I mean our clients are they are buying smaller pieces and they are waiting a little still waiting a little and it's like we're sitting on so much knowledge and that could be sort of a benefit for our customers but they're not really there or we are not really there and it's something shouldn't be like this and so I'm sitting right now with a little bit tensions from that because I'm not used to having to care about financials to be honest. So I had to say that to leave that so I can be hearing with you in the media.

Thank you, thank you, that's interesting. Thank you, thank you. Okay, I continue then.

I am in this transformation process with after IDG with the changes manifesting in my work, my work engagement with the question of moving to Sweden next summer potentially, bringing the family here. Good time of year. Good time of year.

Yeah, good time of the year. We also have snow now by the way. At the same time very rich period with new projects emerging but that are very all focused on consciousness and consciousness and consciousness into action.

So the more radical approach and more precise approach on or in calling I have let's say or for a word that is anchored in consciousness and bringing that into action and different projects and may share some here as we because some of them we could work together on and I think river could be used. And it's of course a process of ending and the hospicing the end of something that is ending and then creating the new. So there's a bit of uncomfort also and questions and challenges with that but it's kind of rich and then yeah it feels like an adventure let's say right now in my life.

It's a bit in between two it's not super it's like you know when you're unstable between two stabilities or I don't know it's never really stable but two different stages. So I'm in this transition time. It's quite interesting because many things are open and possible.

So that's who I am. Thank you both. I feel like I'm through a smaller portal because we had a hosted an event here this morning that landed very well where we demoed what you got a tiny glimpse of in our meeting but at the larger scale.

So we've been preparing mentally practically technically for this and yeah I've been putting in many hours. So I feel very content right now with the event and I also feel much more relaxed in my nervous system because I've been a bit excited both like positively but also very charged. So I'm discharged now in a good way.

Yeah and also good things are happening on the family front. We have a new kid coming and so it's going to be a bit more chaos soon. That feels very nice and yeah there's a lot of love in my life.

And I'm in generally a good place and I feel a lot of hope for the future regardless of what's actually going on. I do feel there are so many opportunities that are trying to manifest themselves and in connections like this and meetings I've had the past few weeks it gives me hope really. So yeah summarized a good note.

Perfect. Wonderful. Thank you all.

Say I interrupted you. Agenda. Yeah agenda yeah.

So our suggestion for agenda is that you share with us three sort of interesting areas that sort of you were curious about and you also had a question in that how far is this from that. So I think if we start is to letting Stefan set the frame about where we are in terms of development of these new tools and systems so we get sort of a sort of a joint picture of that and the same expectations. And then our next bullet point would be to to have you just give a few words about the three areas that you put into the email that we have a few words about that.

And that was our idea that we find another meeting maybe a little longer one where we actually can sort of dig much deeper into the needs from your perspective around these three areas or two or three areas depending on what we're going to sort of trying to solve for. And from that we could sort of put together a demo that is good enough to sort of showcase and sort of create interest for clients. And then after that probably the next case should be to get a find a client that are sort of willing to participate in this development so we can sort of get some revenues from actually development together with the client.

But then coming to that point having sort of a demo a little bit more robust that we have now. So that was sort of the main plan we had. So today just sort of frame that roadmap and taking your perspectives on that.

So that was our suggestion. Super. Fantastic.

Yeah. Perfect. And I'm coming to Sweden.

It's probably in the next two weeks and we can discuss it later. Yeah. Okay.

So just that could happen sooner and also in January. I mean that's perfect. That's really perfect.

Yeah. So give us sort of a summary of where are we. Yeah.

Where we are is right now it's a budding tree of two years of intellectual work on what we want this system to do and the blueprint of it and the proof of concept basically. And of course it has more background than two years. But that's been at least within this container right now.

Which is River and also our collaboration with World Life Group. So what we've done is we have a fairly good outlined blueprint, a design of what the system, how it should function. And to give you like the brief download of that is we're creating a stack of layers to give an AI system contextual awareness enough to become a reflective mirror for the human, well whatever you want to mirror back to individual and collective settings.

And that is at the top layer it's the immediate data. So for instance a live meeting where like when we met last time Michael, we have the surface layer immediate kind of lukewarm data that is happening now. And the deeper layer of that is the more cold data that you have in the organization.

That it can be operational, tactical, strategic that gives you the direction. So different time horizons and different levels of immediacy and relevance depending on context. But it could be like strategy, values, market plans, but also what's happening outside of the organizations like market data, geopolitical data etc. 

So that's like the deeper contextual layer that gives a setting for the warm layer. And then the deeper layer than that is the agreement in the organization of who you want to aspire to become. So the long-term mission and maybe it values. 

And also if we put AI in the room and sort of an AI playbook for how we want these systems to behave and the agreement, collective agreement we have around that. So that this will guide how it interacts with all the other layers. I love that. 

Yes and then the deepest layer is what we could call like the river source code which is our philosophy around artificial intelligence, consciousness, learning loops, long-term developments we want to see and evolution in society. So like what is ultimately guiding ethically this system and we have a lot of ideation and anchoring in that. So that I would say those are like on a high level the four different layers of the stack. 

So whenever we interact with each other and with the systems and that is yet for us to figure out the right type of information flows here. But how it goes through in loops in these different layers and then surfaces back what is most timely and relevant in that given context. And of course the deeper you go in the stack the more the complexity increases and the more difficult it is to get it right. 

But that's where we are in the blueprint domain. And for as for the one question when it comes to what layer if you see if we just double click on facilitation and sort of methods and frameworks for doing that in what layer do you put if you put together an agent to support in sort of like the second bullet from Michael about supporting facilitating programs and so on in what layers would that sort of framework reside. Oh it goes through all layers all the time it's just that the level of access you have the authorization is you have you need you need to be authenticated so that you have fewer people with the right competencies to access the deeper layers of the stack to configure them. 

So you'd have to set up like maybe if you do in a facilitated training program maybe they can work actively with the first two layers for instance whereas we as hosts would define the third layer. But that's up like in the design. Did you get my question? Did you understand my question? I was just putting my notes together because I'm typing what you're saying. 

Yeah sorry. Yes it's if you're going to sort of put together an agent that supports sort of a facilitations program and scaling facilitation in. So my question was where does the frameworks and sort of methods and processes that you want to prime the system with where does that reside? And the answer was probably in the bottom of the stack because that's something that shouldn't be touched by people using it more like the people sort of operating that. 

Yeah there are a few dimensions there. So one dimension is time. So the higher we go up in that stack the more depressed we are in the present moment and the deeper you go the more long-term it is. 

And that correlates also with complexity but also with like your inner development and ability to navigate that complexity. So if you want to access and change the bottom layers you need to be a person or people in if you're more than one obviously to do that change. So you want to change the bottom most layer. 

That's a long-term process that requires a lot of exploration, collective intelligence and a deep wisdom in order to do that. But if you want to design AI self I mean they self-update but they self-update with much more process and it takes much more time for them to change. Yes okay. 

So you'd have much quicker feedback loops in how we design the system so that the AI will that's the vision which we haven't yet implemented but that is that the AI is learning from itself and the interactions and the feedbacks and so it can update these layers continuously. But you have to make sure that the checkpoints are well defined for each layer so that we don't make updates to the final layer. You need humans in the loop obviously the deeper you go you need more humans to make sure that you direct it in the right way otherwise you get maybe an artifact in the way that it believes that its objective function should be to optimize towards any variable it misinterprets that and then it gives the wrong recommendations.

So recursive feedback loops and human in the loop are two very important design criteria. So in terms of where we are now so this is sort of the sort of that's the blueprint yeah and then we have the technical reality we're in now so what we have now is a working proof of concept it's not a packaged finished product but we demoed it today with really good results so we built a system where there are different agents that are collaborating so we have one agent that is listening and transcribing in real time we have one agent who is doing the analytics works based on predefined set of criteria so one could be like what are some latent insights or what's in between the lines what we showcased for you there last time Michael so it can find the patterns. We have one that you can talk to via chat and then you have one that you can talk to via voice so you get real-time voice interaction with no latency basically.

So then you didn't show me that yes we show you in two weeks when you come here. Wow my god well the choice of the voice is important. Yes yes should be a sexy one.

Yeah but you have to it's I mean aesthetics and beauty and like the how it feels is extremely important and that's the the least developed part of the tech stack is the voice so obviously I need to work more on that but we have not yet built our own systems so what we're doing is that we're we're taking it off the shelf from other actors so it's either OpenAI which is the biggest player or Anthropic which is the second biggest player or Meta which is built they're building an open source model and we're testing out different configurations because these models are good at different things and different use cases some are very fast but a little bit sloppy some are really good at analyzing some are good at transcribing so when we're putting together this agentic framework we are giving them different roles like a team basically and where we are now is that we can listen in to meeting we can do analytics in the background and we can interact with it in real time via text or voice and get immediate feedback and that's where we are right now and what we're the next step is to start building the organizational memory and we're prototyping with that now in our own team in river so the next step is to the what the organizational memory yeah so you can if you imagine a circle one circle which is the meeting here and now the present moment and then you imagine a timeline with circles that are chained together so we remember what we talked about three meetings ago and we have a maybe another agent which i didn't tell you about but that might be instructed to challenge assumptions or challenge the group or challenge the other ais and this has been demonstrated in other contexts that that's very sorry at least you showed me that yes i think exactly you were saying what was missing or whether we should be the next if you go to that room yes but now it was in the chat but if we have an agent that is dedicated towards that aim who is instructed to only do that and then they talk to us directly or the other ai agents then you have a much more robust robustness in that and that has been demonstrated that that works well and so where was i so you would have different agents i lost my line of thought sorry you were saying that another agent to change the group we build your organizational memory oh yeah what has been before yeah so we chain together all of our meetings in in one team so and that if i can play with numbers like if we retain one percent playfully i'm just assuming now of what we decided or we agreed on or opportunities we saw or blind spots we saw etc if we can only increase that to five percent or ten percent or thirty percent over time because this agent will challenge us it will remind us it will mirror back to us what we already agreed on or remind us about the strategy or you have one other separate agent that is connected to the internet through function calling and can do web searches in real time based on what we're saying it can feed in market data and what happens then is you start building a memory for the team so that this ai colleague is like a person that you have on your team that is remembers everything and and it's mirroring back what we need to see all of the time based on what is needed and then so that's a space dimension so you're connecting meetings over time then you start building a memory time the time dimension the space dimension is what happens when you connect more than one team and you have this analytics agents doing metadata extraction in in the background all of the time all of a sudden you have a dashboard and a real-time view into the health of the organization depending on different metrics so what is the general mood I mean the current agents are extremely good at sentiment analysis for instance so you could actually get a snapshot of the mood in the organization right now financial metrics obviously strategic alignment and different teams different types of tensions and conflicts etc so you can get like a real-time dashboard if you connect more than one team and then all of a sudden you have an operating system that is both social and technical and this of course puts a spotlight on how do we transition to this type of work and what is the process around this but that's the second layer so I'm describing now what the next step is of our development so that's freaking amazing it's just I want to just pause this is this is so revolutionary and uh to uh it's a little bit also people may say well it's a bit um in 1984 uh the bigger what is the name a big we're listening to you the the the machine is listening to you because in every meeting on the one hand I find it's amazing to have the parts of the company at every moment not just when you do a survey and sense right away the consequence of it and I mean you can this is amazing and as you say the social dashboard and technical financial as one but that that's quite amazing I love the also the challenge the blind spot all that because you can increase the efficiency at the same time people may feel just being listened and less free and there might be a friction on that yes and it's one of the frictions that has come up all of the time is where where is the data and who has access to the data and we have we have thoughts about that as well so right now we're doing the these proof of concepts it's uh apis towards different services so it's it's a data leak but our co-founder David is designing uh surveillance systems for nuclear power plants so he's quite read up on uh how to handle different security um constraints so and we have ideas for like be self-hosted cloud service uh and similar setups where you actually host that and then you have to have an agreement in organization of who has access to what type of data what was really appreciated during today's event is that we we prepared them before they arrived that an AI will listen but it's only aggregated on the group level so no individuals will be uh will be um uh identified and that was great yes and that was that was a feature not a bug so they checked in with I felt like I felt relaxed because of that and then when we showcased when the the the agent actually demonstrated what happened in the breakouts and the insights from that they relaxed even further because they could see in the feedback that this is not about me it's about the group and that actually made them lean in a bit more because now they felt like they are being observed but they're not being judged and and I think that's a fine line in part it has to do with behavior but also about the design and the tech setup but just to recap we're optimizing now for the meeting we have a working proof of concept the next step is to start building the memory in time and also the organization organizational memory in in more domains and that that will require a focused effort so we need concrete use cases and that's where we want to discuss with you because we we can't have it before we build it so to speak based on what is actually needed so thanks for that uh thorough technical update Stefan I was not even getting started I know I know I know what I have to interrupt I'm sure you're not done you were more stable yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna shut up here uh just to present sort of idea about next step and that if you're coming to Stockholm that this is good because our suggestion was that either we come to you or you come to us so so maybe that sorts itself out if you are coming here to Stockholm but um our suggestion should be that we um we put together a few more people you uh Stefan and I and and two three more that have sort of big perspectives on this type of questions so we have sort of a good panel around the table and we should sort of a prep an AI agent before that meeting with sort of the frameworks we want and so on so we have that sort of inside inside the room already and then that we work for a few hours with sort of really pinning down what problems we want AI to help us solve so we so we make sure that we are really client close to the client's real real problems and pains and and if we can pick your brain and and a few other people's brain at a few hours here from that we could sort of put together a prototype that a demo as we could present for for clients to more showcase what what what this could be but we think there's uh uh we need that sort of step the first that we sort of um get a sort of a unified frame of what this is uh what this should be um so that's uh could involve that uh maybe you give us a brief brief description of how you work with sort of team development in a bigger organization the steps in that could be that we prime the AI agent with some some some process little framework or or that we want to be sort of build upon but we spend some time before that that uh that that sort of workshop with sort of framing it and preparing it and then working for a few hours together that was basically our suggestion for next step and from that we are sort of uh um we think we can put together something that we could actually showcase to to clients uh with sort of the the um the note that this isn't built for you yet we still need to get this and this on in place and that requires a product but then it's interesting enough to sort to sort of sort of uh there is another thing you can do already yeah yeah yeah it is it is uh but it's still uh yeah maybe your comment on that uh stefan like what is possible technically is okay maybe i'm exaggerating if i say near infinite but it's it's very potent already like in terms of the actual value it can do what i tend to be an optimist and i want to go very fast uh and i i love these prototypes and running fast and breaking stuff and learning very quickly when i talk to david my colleague then he's the turtle in the team and he's he's more like okay but we have to look at how is data stored securely what does authentication look like who has access to what data um the error mitigation and management so we have that in the back in and when we actually deploy this in full scale but for a demo internally we we don't need that much in order to get that very right and the experience right and and get that as a catalyst to move forward but we need to scope it so that um so that they feel secure and that it's uh yeah tailored but we could do it if we just get to go i mean not that much time you say we could create um we could um if we scope the experience or the objective of the experience it could be in a company helping them on a strategy coverage i mean it could help them yes in a conversation a strategy conversation to progress or in a meeting yes that's what we're talking about yes so we're having first and then they would see the value and then they would be interested to buy it or to scale it and then we would learn from this so learn with them yeah we could develop it and also we could uh one of the other co-founders in the river team has built another agent not linked to this really but sort of uh pulling down all the information there is about the company and to suggest a strategy based on the company standards and everything and it and it turns out that the the strategy that the ai suggests is pretty much what the company is having so you can also prime sort of a demo with sort of a real case more or less to have it sort of more um more sort of real uh to show how it could how it could work the way i would that's a really good use case um or an angle on it the way i would frame it is that you want such a demo to define a real question yeah that they they want assistance with where the this uh this process and system can actually augment their decision making and and increase the speed of their learning um and so you would need to put it on the the case question or the the explorative question or the however you want to frame it um needs to be uh high stakes enough so that they will be engaged uh but low stakes enough so that um it's not the the biggest challenge maybe perhaps in the but but quite quite a big challenge i think that was one of our a few of our main learnings so we had had two two a augmented uh tables now the first one was at the when when when we had a summit and we had have had one more and we're going to have one the third one next week and one of the big learnings was also that if you want to sort of get a really good experience from it you have to put a call and questions in the center of the room working on that so that's a part of the sales process to have actually as stefan says a question that you really are curious about and so that is driving sort of um driving what you do forward the first table didn't have that so it was a fantastic discussion because it was lovely people around the table super super synergistic people um so the conversation itself was was nice uh but we didn't have sort of a call and question in in in the center and that's that's we we tried to explore that in in in the second one and this one we put very much effort in nailing that calling question for for the i think we succeeded this morning with that one yeah it was it's very clear yeah so yeah that would be that would be up to the the um explore exploration of how we design this uh yeah question to you michael the three questions you mentioned um is there uh uh is it in order of sort of uh what you think could create most value or could be sort of a are there a weight the ones you wrote in your email the ones you wrote in your email yeah i i didn't write okay what comes to me there are different things uh i don't know what i wrote i can't remember what i wrote in the main now but i could open it yeah um one um it goes a bit okay first there is definitely an opportunity i think for river that is together with an organization that is being created that is called a nordic equation um it's um in the field of idg let's say it's co-founded by the co-founder of idg but maybe you yes it's a friend of mine and you know him too right yeah yeah just yes and together with the stockholm resident center and uh planetum maybe you know them too it's a swedish company they do uh they have come they will businesses to transition to uh and but the founder is a dutch ceo okay and and they are asking me to take a negative i'm gonna i'm helping them and i'm in an operational role probably as a either lead or i don't know i don't know the role i would take or add inside of operations at least for the beginning maybe on the long term the idea is to support this it's a it's a sectorial it's a cross cross-company innovation so uh it's it's basically a network of ceos uh there's gonna be program for ceos so they there will be a cohort of them and then there will be a community and the intention is to support cross-company innovation cross-company learning but in the context of you know very inner and outer consciousness so outer consciousness informed by that you know scientific data driven understanding and what's what's going on and with especially through the stockholm resident center but also inner work inner you know shadow work uh you know you know to understand to to grow in consciousness especially when you're exposed to the challenges of the outer heart resonates it touches trauma touches a number of things inside of us and then we want to create a space where everybody can be welcome as they are and understand who you know deeper deeply more deeply who we are and be there for each other at the same time so we're going to create this inner now you know in a bit of a utility but going into the in this work of this inner work individually and collectively and and based on that it's created kind of a context for innovation because when you release and you connect it to source and you do your inner work you connect to uh you know you connect to your life wants to you know come up and and uh and then so so you you that's that's so that would be a place for the intention is to support you know cross company or cross-sector innovation on critical domains and uh it could be i don't know lego talking to ikea because they realized that on this domain that ikea has this or lego has this idea that i could implement a scale and that is actually on their suppliers and it could you know have a big impact on the environment i don't know or that they could create a new a new approach so there's no the question is going to be a creating a retreat in may and i mean i'm i'm i will facilitate or co-facilitate it i'm going to be very much deeply in charge in this thing but also it's an organized it's like a concept it's like a different type of consultancy like a kind of a network-based type of consultancy but there will be an offer there will be a service for this community members uh to help them structure this collaboration innovation across companies and um i can i can say it again because you missed it and i can i think i'm going to interest you but it's the idea it's a it's an so stockholm residence center uh uranian v um planet on a swedish organization or and also dutch co uh company called will my my wheels they do car sharing um and are there is this new initiative coming that is called the nordic equation and the idea is to support cross company or cross-sector innovation and the idea is to create a cohort of ceos nordic the stockholm residence center is is in touch with working ceos already and and so in a program where they would go on you know a better understanding the challenges of sustainability uh very data driven but also doing the inner work shadow work connecting invulnerability so it's a deep space for them to connect and so that's step one and step two is to uh help them create cross-company innovation or learning on critical domains and of innovation and of course towards sustainability but so towards social justice toward let's say a more sustainable and thriving future and it doesn't have to be only sustainability but there was a lot of to create and let's say collective intelligence among among organizations and um and then there will be an effort to help those ceos to implement in their own company this cross-company learning so there will be orchestrators we call it people will be those orchestrators helping them and then uh so that's this new organization is being created i'm part of that as a very in a very operational way because there are you know they are they have the steady intention now they need to build it but there is a first cohort starting in may of 15 ceos and um if you're interested i can pass you yes sounds really interesting i mean it's and then and for sure for that two or three days it's a three-day retreat i would love to have river active because uh there will be a lot of learning and a lot of sharing so and you could also so that would be amazing to have an agent that is helping us in the and that would be an amazing moment to experiment and that would be maybe the high stake low stake kind of moment yeah yeah yeah medium stake i see it's high stake i say i say but uh no you know you're not sharing the latest exactly years of your it's high stake in systemic change and very purposeful and very aligned yeah yes yeah definitely everything well i think that's that would be a and i've already discussed to um with so the lord the founder the one who has come with this visionary ideas lawrence it's called lawrence uh i cannot pronounce family name because it's dutch it's possible because there are too many strong too many letters in his work yes anyway uh not enough voice in the word in the name for me to pronounce but um lawrence i i explained him uh and my experience with you and river and it was like this is amazing this we want that this is it was super excited so so um cool so i think i really see that as one and it gives it like a time a time frame of may by may and and we need to include in the design and then sense what how we work with that but i definitely see that as a like a must-have uh and also for the loading equation you know using ai should be to be on boarded from the beginning of the you know in the offering and design and everything so starting from the beginning in this organism modeling that i think it's going to be amazing plus it's an amazing window because it's only ceos yeah yeah i mean it's just a lot of a lot of boxes ticking here i feel like this is 10 out of 10 michael you don't anything wow so if we do that that's one that's really the first thing that i really think would be amazing and then and then learning to work with agents at this level yeah that would be amazing so there is a bit of prep work because the design of this event is already being created by stockholm resident center but now they are doing it a bit too intellectual that content already we want to create a more you know inner work of course joran wants that i want that too well and so so so we are in this process of co-creation uh but anyway it's going to be a bit idg like um it's three days 15 people very deep places location is defined already it's uh yeah the registrations are on i'm going to make sure you have the invitation thank you is it good time to mention that we're actually we're planning a wisdom event yeah that's uh because joran is on top of the list we haven't talked to him yet about it he will he will he will uh i'm sure he will connect and uh yes and uh the second application i'm thinking is um what our biggest client my biggest client over the last eight years is the company orange i think i mentioned that before and actually they came here to visit twice or once or twice to visit you yeah yeah uh and um so i'm i'm in contact with the you know the internal consultancy or change team and i would i think we could make with them a demo but they basically my my role there has been an ease i'm less and less into it because i'm changing to new things but what i do there is i facilitate top leadership teams meetings or retreats or when they work on their strategy and all that but and i bring into that the more deep you know connection presence uh listening quality upcoming process for decision making collective intelligence collective presence or presencing and so and and then i think that it's would be a competent they would i think they are very well they're doing a lot of ai development by way of course uh but the question of ai is still uh this is not brought yet into the discussion in the room in the in the boardroom and i think if we come and say hey we have this this tool or this met this uh this partnership and we'd like to experiment how it feels i think for them it would be an amazing competitive advantage and they have they basically have access to the whole company all the top leadership teams of the company and then if so it's a lot of if but at the same time it's close because that's what i do all the time with them i've been doing for the last many years so i have a lot of context a lot of trust so creating a demo should be a problem offering a demo to a top leader and and their team to say hey would you like to experiment this and i'm already i kind of feel a few would be very interested uh but they will do a demo first with the concerting the internal team to sense how it works they are a little bit the leader has changed before it was a more promoter and creative now it's a bit of someone who is more conservative and i'm i don't know if she would be that just she's the person i'm doubting about the other to be the previous boss i know it would be amazing yeah you would just jump on it so that's why i'm less sure but we could definitely experiment there and that there you could have your big company because this is a multinational worldwide uh tech company that would uh and and and they are already you know they have a super i mean they have integrated agile they have integrated a lot around collective intelligence you know they understand uh distributed governance and all that those things in their own way but there is a lot of maturity let's say in this company and they are super tech and they are they would they would be i think they are they would if they are opportunistic they are hungry now they're hungry for innovation and so it could be an interest i see kind of it would be amazing because for me as i'm i want to add what i've been for them or do something completely new that would be yeah yeah so let's say i would i would love to be able to present them tell them hey i have we have this partnership this is but i would uh i would need of a like a short presentation or something and i can and if i could and actually we'll meet with them uh in december and i would love to come and say hey we have something new to present to you this is with it would be so surprised because they don't see it coming once again and they would and this is what you could do and could we organize a meeting and this is what's going to happen and just for you to test with your team and let's discuss the strategic topic of you guys and see how it works and then you take it from there and we offer that to you they will be super surprised and and then potentially they will offer that for their own clients and then thinking about the inner the transformation department of orange group worldwide so they work their report directly to the group to the hr director but is there more the change okay that's really cool that is really good the board level they are just below the board uh it's quite high level and so i think to them it would be a because it's a tech company they understand ai but they haven't developed that they're interesting so that's what i think about the second thing and the third as we discussed that already will be an agent for facilitators yeah so like a yeah having a facilitator agent or coach for facilitators it's even better like i'm the coach for the facilitators agent so i can explain you prepare with you the process i can put you alive i can debrief with you what and all that um that or and then introducing another agent a challenging agent or the memory agent that will be like if you have a package of two or three agents that can support let's say the flow it can support the flow that will be um and i can that are really easy to use and then one person each team is in charge of yes so you have the person in charge of that they can know how to use it and the app and you know just just be the in charge of the app we call them ai ai whispers yeah the ai whisper then i would know how who to bring it to i would bring it to a company or where we have developed and trained facilitators at scale and we could come and say hey we have the second wave that now we've done that you have facilitators but maybe they struggle a little bit hey why don't we equip them with that and then they have as they have scaled up we're talking about hundreds of facilitators in every few companies we've done that so that could be third easy kind of easy uh deal and then then that that if we have something there that is ready to use then we should have make a demo uh then they would be um well maybe they would be happy to also participate in the development in some way so we could yes i don't know how far development should be done but they could uh demo enough so they say i buy it and then we have the budget to develop it in there yeah yeah then they give us six months or something and then you have it yeah at least i could i have access to also to i mean this i have access easily to present to a company where that so they already have facilitators they are in this mindset they are and they but they might be limited by the skills of the of the people in charge of the facilitation yeah that's it that is also i i mean all all of these all three yeah uh really strong resonance i see a lot of value obviously in uh the development and maturing of the technology itself and also the learnings around it so how we learn from that but what it really permeates is and it's since it's coming also from you michael and all of the people you're connected to there is this um there's a deeper um mission aligned um uh energy around this that makes me really good relaxing into it it feels it it doesn't ooze of corporate efficiency it comes from the perspective of we really want to help people grow in a meaningful manner and actually nudge the world in a better direction so i'm feeling like there's a very strong resonance in on that regard as well um so it just hits home for me my only question mark is like when we do one or all three yeah uh onboarding the right first one we should do for sure the first one we should do for sure and i can come i'm coming with actually with lawrence to visit stockholm residence center actually in two weeks that's why i'm coming to stockholm and uh we are just planning we have and to meet with the uran as well that's where we are we are struggling with putting a date together uh but it should be hopefully in two weeks actually we are going to organize that tonight because we wanted to afford but they src cannot so well when you're here but do we find time for a meeting where we can work and deepen these discussions when you're yeah yeah i will send you the date and i can stay one more day or stay around and and um and i would love uh potentially i would love you to lawrence to meet with you yeah to have understanding because that would uh if it's not this time it could be the next time but that would be good to have a short connection even a short connection yeah yeah i think we even better a demo it takes a bit more time but it's worth it you trust me so if i say that it doesn't have to but it would be is yeah i think it would be good to connect the dots and then especially because you know your hand is going to be so easy super easy cool great uh great meeting a lot of good stuff moving forward yeah yeah i think we're we're breathing and sensing into um where the where the future is pulling us yeah and it feels it feels nice i have another idea uh but that's big big question right so it's it's less probable than probable we're we had i had and i'm question mark now the project to organize an idg uh summit in paris uh next year in june um i already have my keynote speaker and um the idg blessing because i did a lot of lobbying for for them to even remember it and then be interested and now they are but now uh my business i mean for different reason i i fabric is a bit of a crisis because of this orientation towards consciousness and it's like the old paradigm is dying and we are i need to create a new one and uh so we are in a bit of unbalance i'm hesitating to continue even to do fabric or to even stop or so it's those questions and uh i'm sitting with and anyway so the question of fabric organizing this event is it's not sure anymore right now but i'm also trying to to pass the baby to another consultancy that is um potentially a collaborative but it's it's not uh sure there were speakers at the idg as well together with utopian uh presenting the experience they are fantastic um they are bigger they're uh and they they are uh so the ceo is interested in this talk to his board it's a daughter company of mackenzie and was it a gang some uh that had one booth on on the idg summit exactly the two guys yeah the two guys yeah so because for them it would make sense to have a business for a different reason and i also in terms of resources it's a big thing to organize and i don't think i would close the platform for it you need to bring a lot of cash in the first book the place all these kind of things so we need bigger player and if it if they do it i will help them um anyway if that is confirmed i think it's a pity to let it die at the same time because it took a lot of energy already to have the idea living you know uh so it's it's it's having a hearth already but it's now this will grow and uh and it's not just a seed uh for that event it would be possible to have a ai uh in some ways uh involved demonstrated and and um as a as a i think it would be amazing it would be super cutting edge to have that no one has experienced that uh it would be in service of purpose it would be human and it would be really an experience of you know a purpose-centric ai that is because now i think of the conversation of ai is really there is fear there's a there are ethical questions and we don't really know how to connect so if we can showcase how we can use it and make it purposeful

Because we need to learn around that at the center. And we cannot, it's like, we cannot not have it. So I think it would even be for me a motivator to have the AI for this event.

It would be a very, also a very, if you're interested, I could, because now I'm in the process of selling it to Abikin Mackenzie, I talked yesterday to the CEO, he's interested, I need to send him a proposition. But if we say that there is an idea of having AI as a co-facilitator to reformulate challenge, listen, give orientation, that would be like, I think they would, they would jump on it. They would jump on it.

So that would be, and it would be a fantastic experience of something new. So I think that would be, that would be remarkable. And I'm thinking about it, I think it'd be like, we should do it.

Also for that reason. If you think it's possible, it's going to be ready or enough or. For May or June? Yes.

May, June, we're talking about the same, it's yeah, May, June, yeah. In May. In May, June, I mean, if we put all hands on deck, yes, for sure.

Because that would be also amazing to showcase, but then you need to be ready to sell after that because there will be a lot of people interested. It's like we did at the same time to have a product ready, at least a better version of something simple. Yes.

I think to have one product ready to fly, they can be, companies can buy. Yes. That would be a need, or at least they can pre-order.

Yes, that's what like everybody's doing, pre-order. You can put some money to pre-order it and they have to wait a little bit. That's not a bad idea, actually.

It's like an Excel file with a number. I need to jump into next thing, but... Oh, me too, yeah, okay. Do you come back to us with your dates? Yeah, okay.

We try to sum this up. Yeah, we sum it up. We already have a recording, so we can keep the memory alive.

Oh, that's good. Yes. Hello, AI.

Yeah. We'll find the time and we'll design the workshop and take it from there. And I think it's a great idea to put together as many connection as possible when you're here, if we can meet Lawrence and stuff.

Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, I mean, we are- So excited to working with you guys on this. Yeah.

And send the invitation also. I would like to review it and be a part of it. Absolutely.

Yeah. I'm gonna make a mail now to Lawrence and to get the invitation. Cool.

Okay. Great, Michael. Speak to you soon.

Super nice connecting. Bye.